[Applause]
come on man
let's go i didn't get in what why look
i don't know man come on just let's go
how dare you not take will he's full of
potential that's why we want it
it's you we don't want me
but i did everything uh i cooked i
cleaned i hand washed the toilets
everything your butler does for you i'm
not accepting no prep school bella bread
sell out into my fraternity
you can stop off no wait will i got this
one
you think i'm a sellout why because i
live in a big house or i dress a certain
way
or maybe it's because i like barry
manilow you've been barry white y'all
being black isn't what i'm trying to be
it's what i am
i'm running the same race and jumping
the same hurdles you are so why are you
tripping me up
you said we need to stick together but
you don't even know what that means
if you ask me you're the real sellout
yeah that's right boy and in the words
of my illustrious cousin we will make
like a tree and leave